Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah, wow, we're 3 min in already. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Since I missed the last hour of the 1st session. Does anyone have any questions about like how we work the things? Neil showed how it has evolved, and like any sorts of questions that I could answer, that maybe you were thinking before.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, Liliana. I only showed them Chicago from last year. I didn't show them anything recently, so.
Lilliana Robinson: Be, a.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Might be curious. Well.
Lilliana Robinson: Like everything. And I in my base camp training, I actually showed you guys our projects that we work out of so, Neil, during the demo I like went through like we have rising stars. In there we separate our portfolio, support our sourcing and selection. Then we have where we all work, and then we have one to run program. Then we have all of your stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: And then Neil and I have, like a bird's eye View project as well, which I recommend for you and your co-founders to always have
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Well, if anyone ever wants to do a deep dive, I've done that with several companies, and I'm happy to like, jump in and explain more if
Lilliana Robinson: if you want to have a session.
Lilliana Robinson: But I'll let you start part 2. Now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. Well, let me play here
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then share front of show.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do do they see it? Does it work?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did it go away.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, no, it's here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, that's good. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: It's kind of blurry. It might just be your network
Lilliana Robinson: or my network.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is it blurry for y'all.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you guys see this? Perfectly fine? Okay, cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I went through this already. So step one is your to do's
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for the week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I want to see what you got, and I think somebody already took some initiative. So I am. Gonna go ahead and out
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Morgan here, cause you dropped it in base camp. So you are
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the the pioneer of our situation right now. Thank you for doing this, Morgan. How
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how are you feeling about this list of yours for today?
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, it's I was just thinking, I'm like, Oh, I'll try and make my own little instead of my many, many posted notes. I thought I would try to do it on on base camp. What I wanted to get done today and
Morgan Stanton: I I feel good about this list. A few of them. I think I can cross off already that it happened over lunch break? Yeah, they're they're just specifically to me. They're, you know,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is great.
Morgan Stanton: They're all things that I am hoping, will you know it's not a weekly. It's just to get done today.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And and does this info typically live in
Neal Sáles-Griffin: on your your written list?
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, if you look at my written list. And they're like, for I mentioned, I use Google sheets. We have like, larger, like bigger goals at the end of the month. Right? Like we, we need a certain amount of patient samples. We want to execute this experiment, and so these to do. Lists are like reach getting towards those goals.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? Yeah. So so one interesting thing here, just to use this as an example, I hope it's okay that I'm using jump on you but so for me, when I have a a to do list title.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I like to make it so that it's late. It's labeled what Job has to get done by that list
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because a daily to do list like this will never be done, because
Neal Sáles-Griffin: every day is a day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: well, I guess technically, you could just finish the list today. But I think if I orient a list with other steps based on the job, I need to get done. So each of these actually would be a list name, and then I would have the steps of what I need to do under them as the students. So that's kind of one quick reaction I had to that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm curious, though, for the room
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for all of you, where, if you took the time to write down your to do list already. Where does it live, or where did you? Where do you typically put your stuff?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then I have a few other follow up questions, but just want to pull the room a little bit.
Annie Brown: I put I've been using Asana cause. That seems.
Annie Brown: Rule that
Annie Brown: we try. We've tried as a team a few different tools, and Asana seemed to be the one that the team all felt good about. So I put my personal
Annie Brown: list
Annie Brown: in Asana and Asana does have
Annie Brown: projects. So as we've
Annie Brown: grown, we have broken up things into projects. But that's kind of a slow process. It is more like a really long to do list for for me personally.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: sorry I may may have Misheard. Is your the long list? Is your teams or yours?
Annie Brown: The long list is mine. So right now we have a we have a board called Reliable Team Tasks. I have a column that's Annie's tasks, and I just put all of my tasks in there, and then we have a column that's team tasks, and that's where Yulia Val damian. Some of our like part time folks put their stuff, and then Duncan has a list for him. So that's kind of how we're breaking it up now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So I mean, you might be cause. My next question was going to be, where does your team's work live?
Annie Brown: Hmm.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I was gonna ask everybody that question or whoever was willing to share. But I'm gonna put Annie down, Liliana, as one of our demonstrators in a in a moment. So if you're okay with that, Annie, you're gonna you're gonna we're gonna do it live.
Annie Brown: No, it's good. Everyone knows about my mom, my dog, and.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's right. We're just really all in on it.
Annie Brown: Ready!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Be great.
Lilliana Robinson: Cause. Then people will have less questions for you on the retreat, and you can learn about everyone else and just relax.
Annie Brown: No! I love that I love, that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So anyone else. And and also I'm curious to know, because what Annie just shared was her work lives all in the same place for her and her team.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If if I'm hearing you right.
Annie Brown: Yeah, we did that just for visibility. Cause I like just being transparent with my team and showing them like, if I'm not getting back to them on something. It's cause. Something else is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is what I'm up to.
Annie Brown: And also.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Annie Brown: Add, like I like them just to be able to add like a task to my list as well.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That is huge. I love that because one thing that Liliana will tell you, and and Chloe and George and the rest of my team. They'll tell you like. Oh, I'll just say, assign me to do
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like I'll just. It's just like I don't know. Don't tell me what it is. Just throw it to do on there. I'll let you know if I agree.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but I don't take offense at someone assigning me work. I actually appreciate.
Annie Brown: Oh, I I love it. Yeah, it's great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool, alright. Anyone else.
Fabio Caironi: I do have like the larger tasks on saving. Click up with the rest of us just like me.
Fabio Caironi: So they're share with my team, and also they are sorted out like by sorted by like category, like, where it's like
Fabio Caironi: product, manage management or business development or administration. So like it, you know. It helps me like
Fabio Caironi: get a sense of how much?
Fabio Caironi: workload they put into each category. But like for the smaller tasks, you know, just like, Send this email, or I don't know whatever. I saw something like on Morgan's to do list.
Fabio Caironi: I tend like just to have it in the back of my mind, which is probably bad practice. But I realize that yeah, I don't jot down those kind of small things like following up to an email or
Fabio Caironi: yeah, just doing something which is like
Fabio Caironi: operational. And like.
Fabio Caironi: maybe like quicker than 10 min.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so we have to have a a session about this right now. So anyone else guilty of this what Fabio just described.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm I'm the 1st person raising my hand. I'm I'm on that list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That thing there's like there's to dos that you have nowhere
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that are just in your head, and you just hope that you remember, and you don't.
Fabio Caironi: Responding you like so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, is it just me and Fabio? Everyone? Okay, you all are all perfect. We're just the only degenerates in this room. Okay.
Dave Scott: I like to make a game of it like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, okay.
Dave Scott: What does Dave remember today.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, let's tip fate. Let's temp fate. Let's see.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So guilty. But dominique manages somehow to pull them out of my head. So you you have it all in here, or I do. Yeah, she's definitely helped me. But there's still the odd one got to pull it out.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And and with that in mind, Fabio, I'm so grateful that you were willing to share that, because
Neal Sáles-Griffin: when in doubt, like something, it needs to live somewhere outside of your head. That's what I've learned is that I just assume that if I haven't written it down or documented it somewhere, I cannot count on it getting done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's just how I live. Now. That being said, I still manage to get enough done where I do the wrong thing, you know, like when, if you were ever in school and you had a deadline, you knew you could write the paper in an hour. So you start the paper an hour before it's due, and like you do stuff like that. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that is just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: man. We're we're past that now, Liliana. They all got really excited when I told them that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: about our end of day check-in
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, and how that's like signing off.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I challenge the room to try to end their day at 5 o'clock at some point.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and that doesn't seem like a feasible thing to folks. But.
Lilliana Robinson: Or.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's the dream.
Lilliana Robinson: But when you set out your work and you see that it's done, and you know what you're scoped out for tomorrow you can go.
Lilliana Robinson: And also you can't run yourself dry. That's how you get burnout. And we're a very anti burnout anti hustle culture here. So
Lilliana Robinson: that's also how we attract new team members. That's 1 of the things I said in my interviews when I was hiring was, you know, we make sure that we end our day. We have a good work, life balance. And you guys can also be attractive to new talent by doing that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, for sure. I think when we took over in the Bay Area we'll tell you all more the real story later. But I remember checking in with the team at the time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I told him like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hey, like we're talking, you know. Probably you know, 50, 40, 50 h.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And they were like pulling 80 h weeks. And that's not as a startup. That's just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like we're doing program stuff, you know, like, we, we actually got it kind of good relative to you guys, we have the harder job. But like the fact that people are pulling 80 h weeks. And it was just because the work wasn't being done well, and it was scattered everywhere rather than it actually just like, I promise you, we can get this done in 40 h if you stick to the the, to the plan. So that was a huge revelation, I think, for them at the time we cut their work in half, basically.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So cool. And then I think, let's see, I wanted to pick on Agent Lunar as well. I think you all were doing some task stuff I heard from you all right, before this on Boxer.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yes, yeah, we happy to share, I think. We did pull together just a few visuals. It's mainly for for us, but I can share the screen. If that helps, I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So so you know what I'm gonna have Annie share, I'm gonna have agent lunar share. And then if anyone else is willing to volunteer and like open your world to us. That'd be great. And then, Morgan, if you don't mind, I'd love to go back to your list, and then we can chisel that together live. Once we've seen a few people setups.
Morgan Stanton: Sounds, great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool. Alright. So who wants to go first? st
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can go, hey? Let's do it.
Annie Brown: Let's do it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So. And just just so, everybody knows we're going to look at you. All are going to have a chance to break out into groups and look at each other's lists
Neal Sáles-Griffin: soon. But I just want to do a few demos 1st before we send you all off into subgroups and explain how it's going to work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So go ahead, Annie.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Annie Brown: So I was actually updating this
Annie Brown: in between the last session. And you'll see here, this is actually so what I do like, so that I don't lose something. I have a legal pad on my desk, and usually like once a week I'll sit down and write everything that's on my brain, and then I'll kind of add to it. And then what I'm trying to get better at is taking a picture of this.
Annie Brown: and then sitting down on my laptop and putting everything into Asana. So that's sort of
Annie Brown: the process.
Annie Brown: we have our team tasks, which is my task, Duncan's, and then the teams, and then we have our
Annie Brown: the product that we're currently working on and kind of breaking that down into the person that's doing it as well.
Annie Brown: We have our sales pipeline, which is primarily Duncan, me and Val working on this one, and then I've got my own private life. Life tab as well. So yeah, I, I definitely would like feedback, because this list is getting very long. And yeah would love to know. Kind of ways to
Annie Brown: organize some of these miscellaneous tasks into projects.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Have at it, team. Let's let's help Annie out.
Dave Scott: So what 1 1 trick, tip, Tip, that I've learned. So I used to be everyone ever heard of Franklin Covey?
Dave Scott: I used to take those Franklin covey time management courses.
Dave Scott: And 1 1 suggestion they gave, which I thought was like re rocking cool. That I continue to use is when you structure your to dos.
Dave Scott: structure them with an action oriented verb. First.st
Annie Brown: Hmm.
Dave Scott: So that way you can see kind of exactly kind of like what you need to do. So send Deck to Vc. On. Linkedin is perfect.
Dave Scott: Rosanna. Financial projections is not so great because we don't know what you're trying to do with Rosanna.
Annie Brown: Right.
Dave Scott: Complete test. Sars, tasks, mail Bridget draft. Vb. Arville reply to Damian social media prototype. I'm not exactly sure what that is. And so if you rewrite these in a in a very action oriented way, it actually streamlines your memory. Recall.
Annie Brown: Yeah. And that's overall, maybe more descriptive.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Say a louder for the people in the back, Dave, that was fantastic. That was you. You stole my line
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that that is exactly what everybody's going to do today, what he just described, what day? I hope you heard what he said, but we'll have. We'll repeat it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But, like what Dave just said about using an action verb to frame your to dos and your tasks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's all you're going to do with everything that you have written down.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then on top of having that action orientation you're going to layer in all the steps you need to take in order to accomplish that, because there's usually more than one step.
Annie Brown: that's right, don't, don't be.
Dave Scott: I'm afraid to use subtasks as well, because the subtasks are dope in Asana.
Dave Scott: and you could also assign subtasks. You could break stuff down even further.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, the more you break it down the easier it is to do these bite size tasks. So I think a lot of people take what should be a project like a something that has subtasks, and they make it one to do so. When you see that to do it's really easy to brush it off, because there are 6 different things you need to do for that.
Lilliana Robinson: Rather, if you could break it down into just one email or one thing you have to fill out.
Lilliana Robinson: it makes it a lot easier, right like onboard. A new team member that there are like 6 steps for that. So? Another thing for what Dave is saying about the action oriented, you can take it a step further, and you can the end state what the to do is so. I don't know if you've ever tried that, Dave. But in our work everything that we write so like
Lilliana Robinson: it says, let what does it. Say, revise and send Rosanna financial projection. So it's like financial projections are revised and sent to Rosanna. So like when you press check on that.
Annie Brown: Oh, it's.
Lilliana Robinson: Statement is true. So for, like coders, it's kind of like, you have a true false statement. And when it's you're like marking that it's true.
Annie Brown: It's also sort of like a the manifestation type of thing.
Lilliana Robinson: That's another way to think.
Annie Brown: Done.
Lilliana Robinson: There you go!
Annie Brown: Yeah, I like that.
Lilliana Robinson: Never thought of it like that. But that's very true. You're kind of speaking into reality.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yup, writing, writing to do lists and goals as outcomes is like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all like, that's that's how I love to live. So I can only think in those terms now. So usually when I'm working with the founder, and we're having a meeting or a conversation, I'm asking them to give me that like. What is the desired outcome both of this conversation, of this meeting, of what you're saying. You want help with whatever it is. Let's start there and work backwards.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So.
Annie Brown: And then, when it comes to like a specific product, are there
Annie Brown: best practices for this? I know Duncan is is really good at this, and he's sort of managing this, but I have the idea of breaking it down into the
Annie Brown: each person, because I felt like people were kind of losing themselves. And if they just had a list, I was like, Okay, this is my list. But
Annie Brown: are there any best practices for like product to do specifically.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes. So I would very simply say that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if
Neal Sáles-Griffin: multiple people are working on a similar task, or like kind of codependent work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's important to have those within the same place.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if you have something you want to get done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you have a list of those tasks, and you can allocate who needs to do what
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but maybe for them they can have their own view just to see the work that they need to do. But it's also helpful to see the work in context relative to other people's tasks, that your progress is contingent upon.
Annie Brown: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Annie Brown: that makes sense.
Annie Brown: Yeah. And maybe just train the team to kind of like, be able to do like the filter just my tasks, button.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Exactly. Yeah. So just my task should be that whereas the rest of the work needs to be scoped relative to the actual job that needs to get done with all the different contributors and dependencies.
Annie Brown: Okay, I like that. That's really helpful.
Annie Brown: And then we start a sales pipeline. As well. Still, you know, kind of working on best practices
Annie Brown: for this but so far I'm really liking Asana's sales
Annie Brown: for their template here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, that's cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great. Okay? Any other thoughts or feedback from the room or questions for Annie.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm curious. So if you click just my tasks right now, Annie, what do you see.
Annie Brown: Yes, let's see.
Annie Brown: I guess that's me dynamic.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Any Asana experts in here.
Annie Brown: There we go!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Annie Brown: See everything that's assigned to me, but then I can also. It looked like I could also do
Annie Brown: if I do just my tasks.
Annie Brown: Completion status created on.
Annie Brown: Oh, okay, so you can filter it by that. So assignee me.
Annie Brown: And then
Annie Brown: would you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is all your stuff.
Annie Brown: Yeah assigned to me. I'm curious about the ones that, like the subtask, is assigned to me. But.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So does this right now reflect
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what you need to get done.
Annie Brown: Yeah,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's great. That's a great step, and so then let's go to the the techsars, one, since that's easy. So you scroll down, and you said Texters, tasks.
Annie Brown: Yes, very not specific.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when you click that, what do we see?
Annie Brown: Where is that one?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Think it might be a little lower.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep.
Annie Brown: There it is.
Annie Brown: Yep, so I haven't put any descriptions I just put.
Annie Brown: We've got a September 4th bucket, and.
Annie Brown: Bucket.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So that's what Dave was saying about. Like the basically their subtasks, you can add in here that include all those different steps. Okay, cool
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and and are you happy with this? Or is there something more that you'd like it to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: reflect for you.
Annie Brown: I'm overall happy with this. This works for me. I think it's the getting in the habit of transferring from paper to Asana.
Annie Brown: Is, is one of the big challenges, and then the other challenge is just.
Annie Brown: I guess, getting the team to use it regularly. You know, we besides Duncan and myself. The rest of the team is part time. They're contractors, so I know they've probably got their own boards for different clients and stuff like that. So just slowly but surely trying to encourage the team to to use this more.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I have a maybe like a stupid question.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do you pay this team of yours to do that.
Annie Brown: Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: now we're now we're now we're rolling right, because now.
Annie Brown: Yes, and.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Expectation like, Oh, in order
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for us to actually do work. Here's what I need you to do, and I'm paying you to document your work here, in addition to doing the work, not just to do the work.
Annie Brown: Yeah. So just be a little bit more
Annie Brown: little bit more clear on that. This is a requirement to use.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, okay.
Dave Scott: So, so are you working? And are you working with like freelancers, like artists and writers and creative types? Or what kind of what kind of part timers are you using.
Annie Brown: So I have a part time. Ux designer. Who's I've been working with since my 1st startup. So we've been working together for over 5 years. So I know her really well, she's based in Norway and then working with a developer right now. That's based in Indonesia. We actually just started working with him. So we started testing things out. He seems to be using the Asana pretty well like
Annie Brown: getting the tasks on. And then, we also have a head of partnerships. Val, who is working on commissions.
Dave Scott: Oh, got it. Okay, yeah. So we. We have a lot of we use a lot of artists and writers and.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Dave Scott: And we have this cool called a base that is so awesome. We started out trying to use Asana, and they hated going in there and checking out and clicking progress report because we kind of things update your status like we had a full time person. We just run around. Go, can you update your status, please, and no one would ever do it? So we went to a base. And it's a lot easier for freelancers. Probably not for your example. But if anyone uses freelancers, it's pretty good.
Annie Brown: Well, that's right. Can you spell that? Yeah.
Dave Scott: WE,
Dave Scott: BASE.
Dave Scott: As an awesome base.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Base. Okay? Got it?
Annie Brown: And I do find that the more creative they are, the less they'll.
Dave Scott: Yes.
Annie Brown: Fun.
Dave Scott: Yes, we learned that lesson the hard way they hate it. If they're more creative.
Morgan Stanton: I can speak, coming from the technical side. A lot of people with like Phds or engineering backgrounds still don't like using project management software. So universally, it's hard to get people on board.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So yeah, again, with that point, though, Morgan, like my point is, is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if you're paying someone to do a job
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just incorporate what you expect them to do as a part of the job.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So it's not a nice to have. It's a requirement in order for me to actually.
Dave Scott: Pay them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Consider this a deal.
Morgan Stanton: Do you find it best to like
Morgan Stanton: implement it like just at the very get when you're onboarding, people be like you're required for like an.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Morgan Stanton: To fill this out like just to make it very clear upfront I just seen at my previous jobs, like sometimes there's always this, like back and forth of like frustrating, trying to get like employees to come on board with it, and.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well not to get technical here. But I guess on the contractor front there's more nuance, because, like, you're technically not allowed to tell contractors how to do their work, legally speaking. But there's there's like some.
Dave Scott: Or what hours they could work. You can't do that anymore, either.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Exactly. Yeah. So just be sure you're aware of that. But you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: such as life.
Annie Brown: And like I said, you know, I I didn't want to force a tool on the team, so we've done a little bit of back and forth about like you know what seems to work for everybody. Asana seems to work for everybody, so I feel more comfortable saying like, Look, this is the tool we, as a team, have decided on. Let's use this tool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great. This is great. So thank you, Annie, for this. I want to look at a few more examples, and then we'll dive into our groups. Agent Lunar.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's rock.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, happy to. We were just nodding away because excellent points around people that you work with actually accommodating to you because we're very guilty with our contractors or freelancers, they'll say, Hey! Like we'll invite you to our slack. I personally, I I don't like slack sorry to offend anyone. But we're like, yeah, yeah, we'll accommodate you, knowing we're we're paying them. So that's good motivation. So thank you for that.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Let me just share my screen. So in difference to Annie, who's
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: was super organized and has given us lots of inspiration. What we've done instead is just pull together a roof
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: kind of layout of where we're at now. If someone can give me a thumbs up if you can see this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We can see it.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay, I'm quite a visual person. So it just helps when we're discussing as a team. But I think in terms of
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: so we're just gonna walk through, anyway. Voxture, Neil, of of what? Where we're currently at. So it's actually to the cohort. It's perfect timing for this call, because on our to do list this week was to sort out our project management before textiles started. So this is examples of
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: what not to do, and ideas of how we are solving it. But in terms of where we currently live we have teams as our primary home base. We then use excel, which has our roadmap. Now we have base camp for tech stars, and then we have a bunch of other tools that
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: contractors or freelancers like to use. So
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: we really want to get to a place where, actually based on your current feedback, Neil, and your plan, they can come to our world.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Ta-da.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I don't have so many tools to manage. But I think what's been an interesting learning for us is teams is a whole other world of its own that we need to discuss how we move forward there. But for us we still see a value in having our excel that's not so sexy and base camp, and we'll explain why. Cause really world. I hope this
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: to a lot of people. But this is life right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did you whip this presentation together like today?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I just did. Yeah, just just 10 min.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, just in between the calls. That's awesome.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'm just visual. I think I got thank you. Cool. So I think where we 1st started off. This is a screenshot from our teams back in March, so we were very on it. We were kind of going with the Kanban project.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And man.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Style approach. We had more subtasks in there, more detailed
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: admittedly.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: as we brought on other team members who weren't such a fan of this, and we let it go and ended up back with a very
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: detailed and chaotic excel.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: And this has really come to light this actually, this week. Perfect timing for us where
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: the approach that we want to take. We're actually, we're not just saying this for Brownie points. We really like the look of base camp, and we think there's a lot of value there now. Perhaps we don't know base camp well enough yet, but.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Tool.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, I don't. It's cool. And I think really the the value that we see in having our
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: excel still and base camp is, allow me to explain why. So for base camp, we really want to have all of our detailed projects in there, for all the reasons you've been explaining today, Neil.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: but something that we like to do as a team is really split
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: our overarching tasks into 3 different buckets that lead to our North star.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Smooth.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: To acquisition, optimization, enablement. And I've popped some examples of what these mean. Below. But in summary acquisition, this is where we really want to be spending a big majority of our time. It's the most important bucket for lack of a better term optimization. The certain tasks that we have to do. That's kind of
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: run the business tasks that unfortunately take a set amount of time until the team grows. It's us that has to do them, and then we have enablement, which is stretch projects. So the reason that we want to keep but again open to be challenged here. But the reason that we're thinking about keeping our bird's eye view excel, and base. Camp is really the bird's eye view, perhaps. Let me show here instead. This isn't very pretty.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: But we want to move to more of a project management style dashboard, where we can really see how long a certain task, taking so
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: less detail like we would see in base camp, but more overarching pop line tasks that we know are a set amount of time each week, and then when we start planning our projects in base camp. We can then start to see. Well.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: do we actually have capacity? Here? Are we spending too much time? And what we often find is a lot of time is going here in kind of run. The business optimization which allows us to then really think about, well, where do we need to scale back? Where do we need to really reduce that scope? So this is what we
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: are working towards this week.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: but very much open to feedback and and challenges, but hopefully the visuals.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is great. Thank you for doing this. I'm gonna let the room join in and like, do you all wanna
Neal Sáles-Griffin: offer up any thoughts or feedback, or reactions to it.
Morgan Stanton: I'm curious. Just I'm still getting new to Base Camp, because you mentioned the bird's eye view like I like the the gantt chart like I do that that often. There is something on Base camp where you can track in timeline view, and I I haven't tried it yet. Do you think that wouldn't
Morgan Stanton: work for you, for for your projects.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: No, it's a it's a great point. I think so definitely. The timeline in terms of date would be really helpful. But what we're looking for. And maybe Neil say, base camp can do this. We're not sure. Maybe someone in the group will tell us. But we really want to know how long do certain tasks take?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Neil has just popped?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Did did something pop up or.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I made that sound. But yes, I dropped something in there. It's a brand new feature. That base camp just rolled out.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay, so.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't want to brag about base camp, I mean, like you should track time wherever it makes sense, like you know what I mean like there's a way to do it in there. There's a way to do it elsewhere. But I understand.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I guess what I would.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Tool would be great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, what I what I want to ask, though, for the room is, why is it important for you to track the amount of time spent on a task.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, you agent, lunar team.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. All good.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I thought you said ask the room. So we were patiently.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, for the room. This is a question I'm asking you for the sake of the room. Yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'll take it. So I think what we were finding is we had. I mean that that short list that we showed you goes down to around 160 items and getting chaotic on certain days, where we were kind of planning to do certain tasks, and it ended up. It was going to be 20 h
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: of work each for that day. So we yeah, by having it mapped clearly by hours, we could avoid that situation from happening. But importantly, as well, we could figure out our efficiency and work out. Okay, certain things are being taken, and maybe just one final comment as well is that it really helps to quantify the value of the task.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So if we've really taken a long time, and then we're very honest with ourselves. Well, is this really contributing to the North Star? Is this going to move the needle
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: because and that's been quite apparent for us with this with this exercise.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: particularly like when we get into paying customers, being able to actually measure. Okay, how much time are we spending in that acquisition area versus
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: other founder. Time on admin tasks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, that all makes sense. I don't know if other people have experience with like time tracking that you can share. It's definitely something that I'm not as experienced in, because the way I tend to scope work is related to chunks and little tiny bites. So I can. I can structure in a way where I don't need to measure your hourly output because I can track it based on what we say. We're going to get done this today, this weekend for this project. I do track personally
Neal Sáles-Griffin: my output
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right on a time basis. But I'm doing that like myself, not necessarily for the team.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anyone else. Yeah.
Dave Scott: Time tracking. It's hard to execute, and it's hard to manage. It's hard to kind of keep track of it all. And then when you get the data? You're like, awesome. What do I do with this data? So I I did abandon it myself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Get him!
Kirimgeray Kirimli: So we don't necessarily do time tracking. But for developers we do. It's like a practice that we have a
Kirimgeray Kirimli: had from like developing time like
Kirimgeray Kirimli: complexity tracking. So we actually.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Have the team give a complexity score?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: So it could be like
Kirimgeray Kirimli: this whole like scrum. I think it's just a quintessential scrum process. But what we do is the same, and we only do this for
Kirimgeray Kirimli: developer tasks for non technical tasks. Sometimes we try to do T-shirt sizes.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Just to get an idea of like what would, what it would be. It doesn't necessarily.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Like small, medium. Large, excel.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yeah. And then for the developer tasks, we do numbers Fibonacci numbers. So like goes from 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, and hopefully not.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: And and then
Kirimgeray Kirimli: because again, we're
Kirimgeray Kirimli: tech guys, right? So we also like for the tech work we also have an AI thing that actually then goes through the code that they wrote after the fact, and then gives another note
Kirimgeray Kirimli: gives another score, and then we compare them sometimes so what they estimated and what it ended up being.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: But we don't do time tracking per se. But that's kind of essentially time tracking.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yeah, yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I I don't know if someone was going to speak, but I love the T-shirt idea. You're probably learning about me like I get really geeky about like project management, and to do lists like I'm I'm really.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'm excited to do to do list down here. But I love the T-shirt idea. I think that's a
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: less complex and intimidating way as well, because as the team grows. And then I found in in my old team that I managed. I actually used to have the time track apart so locked elements on the sheet. So I used to say to the team, I'm not really
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: bothered how long something takes. If you finish it quicker, it's more just to protect. You see that you're spending
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: a horrendous amount of time, and you have stretch. I want to prevent burnout. I want to give you extra hands on deck, but the T-shirt size might be less intimidating because a couple of my team members were like, we're not. We're not at school. Why do we need to enter our hours? But.
Dave Scott: Yeah, you know, i i 1 cool tip around T-shirt sizing because I've I've done some scrum mastering. And one thing that I realized is, if anyone ever does an Xxl. It means they don't understand the project.
Dave Scott: And so excel gives you a great opportunity to sit back down and go. Do you understand the goal that your goal we're going after? Maybe it's too amorphous. Maybe it's too many unknowns. And then how do I break it up. So maybe it's multiple projects. And so it's a, it's like a vote of it's a vote of protest which is really, really handy way to get down to the bottom of. Am I really communicating well to the person I'm assigning this task to.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Nice yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Good food for thought.
Annie Brown: I'm gonna put a link in the chat. And this is something that actually a former employer introduced me to. It's called the 12 week year. And if you like using spreadsheets, it might be useful. I I really like this. Our team hated it so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's all.
Annie Brown: We ended up kind of scrapping it. But I still use it personally, and actually, just thinking about it made me think, cause, basically.
Annie Brown: yeah. So basically, what you do is you map, you actually say what your key Kpis are for the next 12 weeks. And then you break down on a separate spreadsheet.
Annie Brown: like everything you have to do in the next 12 weeks to hit that goal. And so you're actually mapping out
Annie Brown: the steps to hit that specific goal. And then you sort of like plan 12 weeks ahead of time. And then, as things come up during the week, you kind of add them to that week. But you can see 12 weeks ahead of time, and then the other really cool thing is that each task is assigned a goal category. And it actually reminds me that I want to do this on my Asana board, too. So that, like.
Annie Brown: you're not doing tasks that aren't related
Annie Brown: to a goal. So yeah, I've I've read the book. They also have planners that are pretty nice. But I I recommend at least looking into it because you might get some good ideas.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I like that one.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Go ahead! Go ahead!
Lilliana Robinson: I I like that one, too, Annie. I think, like, even if you don't use all of the intricate techniques and stuff they put like. It's just a philosophy which is pretty cool, like having 4 New Year's resolutions, like, you see the year in 3 in 4 chunks rather than like 12 months, where it's like we usually taper off for our goals. It's like it keeps you like renewed. So I do like that mindset, even like even if you don't use all the nitty, gritty
Lilliana Robinson: techniques that they put. And you just kind of like implement that mindset into whatever you're doing. I I really like that, Annie. I'm glad you brought that up.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, I'm I'm super excited again, Annie. Thank you, because you've just saved a whole lot of a conversation we had like a walk in meeting before, and I was trying to explain exactly this, that, but previously I was
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: building this, albeit probably not the best on excel. So the fact there's a tool for this
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: cause. I'm glad we came to Sf. To learn from you guys.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: A whole lot of a headache.
Annie Brown: Well, and if you're if you love to do lists and stuff, they also sell like really cute 12 week year planners and stuff. So you can.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Overtana. This is great. Yeah. So.
Annie Brown: It's worth. It's worth diving into.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: New customer. No, so in all seriousness, this is super helpful. So I'm really glad we share that with you all. Thank you for.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I actually had a question for Kitim. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how do you like frame to your team
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what those T-shirt sizes reflect.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as far as the enormity of the work.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Well, the T-shirt size and the numbers. That's the most difficult part, because
Kirimgeray Kirimli: you need to tell them like
Kirimgeray Kirimli: it's you. You tell them it's actually complexity of the work. It's how difficult it is, how like big the change is, and then nobody understands. But then.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: usually like you don't
Kirimgeray Kirimli: tell to an entire team what it is. What happens is, you already have a team that knows it, and then a new person comes in.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and you tell that new person what it is they don't understand. But then they see the team actually start pointing stuff, and then they look at every other task.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: And then they're like, All right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And feel it out.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yeah. I've seen this done once, like
Kirimgeray Kirimli: in, I think several years ago we had this exercise with one of the scrum masters
Kirimgeray Kirimli: where, a scrum master would like have an entire session, where, like the team, would
Kirimgeray Kirimli: go through all the tasks that they've done previously, and be like what is
Kirimgeray Kirimli: really a quintessentially 2 point task or a small task. And then we'd find that. And then, okay, now that you've picked us what is like a really medium task, like a 3 point task. And then the team would select that.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: And then you know what is a large, and then we'd have these benchmark tasks.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and every time, like we would go and
Kirimgeray Kirimli: point something, and whenever there was confusion we'd be like, let's look at our benchmark tasks.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Is it more difficult? Is it more complex than the one we've had?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Or is it simpler?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: And then depending on that
Kirimgeray Kirimli: good dude?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: When we were actually trying to train Chat Gbt to point. That thing that was like giving that in prompts was even more difficult. But
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I think
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and I I must say I think we're still working on it, but
Kirimgeray Kirimli: that was actually more difficult than explaining it to a human.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Of course, that makes sense. Well, I think it's cool that we have so many knowledgeable people in the room on this. So I want to take it one layer deeper now, and I am gonna summon Morgan. If you're willing, let's pull up that list that you made, and let's all help Morgan refine her list, and then we'll do that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as like in in groups next. Lillian, that's my q to you to help me get ready to set up those rooms.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But, Morgan, if you don't mind.
Dave Scott: Say one more thing about, say, one more thing about T-shirt sizing. So yeah, in traditional scrum, you actually don't actually set a benchmark. It actually is done collectively by the party. So whoever has a voting point
Dave Scott: and they're not knows. So whatever like whoever has, like a whoever has a vote. What you do is you go. Everyone talks about the task. And so one person describes the task, and then everyone goes on the count of 3. Give me your T-shirt size, and everyone pulls up a a number, and then if someone's like a small, then they have to argue, why, it's a small someone's. So so the outliers have to argue, and then you keep voting until eventually you gain consensus.
Nirat Attri: The important aspect, like, as Dave mentioned, is also because, like sometimes, people judge it by their competency. So there can be a lot of disparity within the rule. And like that also, I mean, it's it's a very soft skill that just sometimes leads to people
Nirat Attri: like I I encountered with freshers when they would typically feel that. Oh, by the way, this task sounded hard to me. But it's easy for everybody else. So it's also kind of demotivating in the team sometimes. So I feel that's also something to be managed. So the consensus model works better in that situation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Perfect. All right, Morgan. You ready?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, game on. All right. So if you don't mind, give us a quick tour of the work you have to do today.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then I'd love to identify opportunities. And this is for the room
Neal Sáles-Griffin: on how we can break these down into even smaller
Neal Sáles-Griffin: pieces and steps.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah. So, as I said, I love writing things on post-it notes, I feel like my mind is always very busy, and it just helps me stay focused.
Morgan Stanton: Write it down, and that makes me just feel better. I can move on so today, the work I've put through is we recently got some grant money from the Government, which is super exciting, but that means I had to get a payment
Morgan Stanton: things set up with, and I'm using gusto. I don't know if any of you are familiar with it, but I've used it before I liked it. So. I'm onboarding some of my contractors as part time workers on the gusto system. So it's just kind of tracked and organized there. And so that's what this 1st check part of check boxes is
Morgan Stanton: my my AI guy out in North Carolina, avid is getting his paperwork essentially done on there. I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when you finish reviewing those documents, Morgan. Sorry to jump in. I just want to clarify
Neal Sáles-Griffin: once you finish reviewing them. What happens then?
Morgan Stanton: I need to schedule some time with avid to review. Like to go over like we went through this. Let's go over gusto together. He's gonna have to track his time hourly. And we know we have this discussion hopefully.
Morgan Stanton: Bestow to do that, and then how that's going to apply to like our our main projects that we want done by the end of December.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So would you be able to schedule that time with him today, after you review those documents.
Morgan Stanton: Yes. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that so my very like suggestion would be to rename that probably to that action because this is a step leading towards doing that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then within the notes. Here and again, this could be like a sub list wherever you all write your tasks doesn't have to be I, would write the things that you need to do, and one of them is reviewing those documents.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And so so the the notion here, just for this one example, everyone is that if you are able to layer in these steps for whatever work you need to do, not just your daily to dos, but like also in general, what it allows is that if for some reason ever any of you are indisposed, like as a founder CEO, something comes up today.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and you all of a sudden can't do something that needs to get done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You have someone else that you could probably rely on on your team to share this work with.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and all of a sudden, now you've handed them all of the things they need to do to get it done without needing additional contacts.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So for Liliana and I. That's why it's super important for us in our team to have well documented steps for everything we do, because
Neal Sáles-Griffin: every now and then someone's going to need to pick up their slack
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we reinstantiate our program in the future. So when the same task needs to get done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we now have a ledger of how the work happened
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that we can reference, and then even turn into a template.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's 1 step there. Let's see, let's go through the rest. Here, Morgan.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, the next one is smaller. It's following up with one of my collaborators at Yale. It's just kind of an email thread that's dropped.
Morgan Stanton: He's getting me back some prices for patient samples. And I wanted to follow up with with him. It's just an email.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, got it. That's good. Next one.
Morgan Stanton: The other 2 are kind of linked together. So it's as update financial model with credit card payments for July and August. So we all made that giant financial model for tech stars. And so I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hmm.
Morgan Stanton: Trying to keep it updated and going more. So I'm I'm speaking with the business advisor. That's the second one down the email, Elena
Morgan Stanton: to just cause I wanna go through it with her and talk about how we can use it for designing a business strategy for for the fall and so yeah, they're linked together. Right? I want to get this done. So I can email like, do a follow up email with her and confirm that there, and give her access to the model.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. So one's kind of dependent on the other right.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool so it could be one big task, and then you can have subtasks underneath. One other thing you could potentially do is I'm looking at all the work now, and I'm realizing that there's a few categories of of work that you have organized here. So one little fancy side feature that I'll share now, which
Neal Sáles-Griffin: might, if this might be a double edged sword. So yeah, call me out if I'm doing the wrong thing here. But if you click those 3 dots on the top right there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then do add a group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You can actually create groups within the list. So now you have.
Morgan Stanton: Like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Essentially essentially like a sub subtask. Yeah.
Morgan Stanton: Okay. And that was something I think is missing here. Like I, I have my Google sheets with a lot of technical tasks
Morgan Stanton: to complete, but not really breaking down. You know. All the other.
Morgan Stanton: Been on so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So if you click, add this group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then you drag those 2 down
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to underneath that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: he's right below it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep, right? Or like above the Yeah, there you go. You got it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then you can add as many groups as you want within a given list.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that might help you give a little bit more sense and structure to a to do list. If this is how you structure it. Now, my preference would be for all your financial to do today, whatever these 2 are combined and anything else related to this to be a single discrete, to do list.
Morgan Stanton: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then have it there. But this is a good like, maybe interim step. I don't know, Lilia, if you have any tips on leveraging groups.
Lilliana Robinson: No, I I don't want to go too far in into it. But if you want to ask questions later, like you definitely can, I would just say, be careful not to like over. Complicate your to do list with the groups. It should be like pretty strategic how you're breaking it down. If you have a list that has, like 10,000 groups in it, you should probably make each of those groups its own list so like, don't be afraid to have multiple lists to break down a project.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. But but, for example, another good one from this. You don't have to write this out, Morgan, but I'll just talk it out if you have tech stars to dos as a category or a group here, right? And all of a sudden you have all. Each of the steps
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of those to do is like, lay it out of what you're going to do versus what someone else is going to do. Now, all of a sudden you have a command and control strategy. Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool great. Well, so this is like a little little preview. But my advice would be for those of you that have lists like this?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're going to break you all into little, you know teams now to review each other's and give each other feedback.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so break it down to whatever extent you find valuable or meaningful worth sharing. But the notion here is that each of you should probably have a much better idea of all the specific steps you need to get done. And if you need to adjust this shared session
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to your liking, meaning like, if it's about someone else's work, if it's about your work for the week and not just today, feel free to like, dial it up as you see fit. But what we just did with Morgan basically is the idea between, like, basically small groups of you. So you're gonna get to know each other through the work that you think you need to get done.
Lilliana Robinson: Are. Are you gonna hop into the rooms, too, Neil?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll rotate around. We'll we'll.
Lilliana Robinson: Personalized help. Neil will happen, and stuff I already made these. You should have 2 to 3 companies in each room, so try to give each one enough time. How long are we going to be in there now?
Lilliana Robinson: Oh.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's say, let's do 15. Let's do 20. Let's do 20 min.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So 2 15, I'll call you guys back.
Lilliana Robinson: Here are the rooms. We're going to pause the recording.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll see you guys in a bit.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, we're back to recording.
Lilliana Robinson: People are trickling back in. But we're gonna just jump right in here, Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got his hand raised.
Dave Scott: Hey? So quick question. So I know that there's a to do for September 6 to schedule our 10 Gtb. Jobs to be done. Interviews. But we we can't do that until you approve the criteria right.
Lilliana Robinson: Right. So that's that's loose. I would say you should start start by Friday. Have you submitted this, Dave?
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Neil, and I'll take a look today.
Dave Scott: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yup, I got a few more that submitted over the weekend that I'm reviewing today, too. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but I did get a chance. I think Morgan got the jump on it. I think Saturday you got yours in Morgan.
Dave Scott: No, I got mine in last week. Wait, did I?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, I maybe I missed yours. Maybe I missed it then. I'm sorry.
Dave Scott: I just put it as a comment on the to do. Is there.
Lilliana Robinson: That's correct. No, that's right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I just missed it. I'm sorry, Dave, I got you.
Dave Scott: We'll get! We'll get.
Lilliana Robinson: I won a good this time.
Dave Scott: This time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, if you didn't tag me. Maybe that's it. I don't know.
Dave Scott: Yeah! Alright! Alright!
Dave Scott: Alright!
Lilliana Robinson: Let me share my, okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I was gonna ask, like, do we all know too much about each other's work now?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Maybe you're like, Oh, whatever.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Annie Brown: Never, never know too much. I love learning all the the details of what people are working on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so Liliana did me a favor, and she instantiated to do list for each of the Ceos in the CEO base camp for y'all. This is a good place that I think would be helpful for you all to. If you want a place as Ceos to manage and share
Neal Sáles-Griffin: work and priorities and high level stuff amongst each other. This has been utilized by founders in the past, I think, is really good even for this workshop in the past. I've had some pre work before where I've had them drop their to do here, and then we evaluated it as a group
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in this session. But I didn't ask you all to do that this time. I think there's a lot going on but I just thought I would share that as a resource for you all, and to know that it's there. So each of your companies are labeled out. So then you can see what each other needs to prioritize or do, and I'm in there too. So for some reason, you want to assign me a task amongst the Ceos for you or your business. You can do that there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One thing we.
Annie Brown: We talked about in our little breakout. Was that like accountability really helps with this? So in that 12 by 12,
Annie Brown: do we have like space in that those 12 by 12 meetings to like like, I guess.
Annie Brown: Talk about our to dos for the week, so that we like update them. Or how do you suggest? We maybe use this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great.
Annie Brown: Help with accountability.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, so that wouldn't be the 12 by 12. That would actually be the Monday meet the Kpi meeting. So you you share your Kpis and your goals and your progress. You submit an automatic check in at the start of the week. That kind of says, here's what I got done. Here's what I'm trying to get done. And then in the small groups with your eir
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that'll be a good place to demonstrate like. Here's what I'm trying to get done and getting feedback. So that's the right place for that.
Lilliana Robinson: We're gonna go over like how that breaks down in my Okrs session tomorrow morning. So like how you start with an objective, and why we track every week. Kpis, not okrs.
Lilliana Robinson: Dominique.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hey? Quick question. Thank you so much for setting up the CEO area.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: in terms of sorry if it's a silly question. But in actually I won't say that, Neil. Accountable I'm not. No question is silly. In terms of what to do is to put in there. As CEO. So is that going to be
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: all of my to do's or just the ones that are relevant for CEO?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I asked that because, like many of us. There's there's only
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: a couple of us. So I feel like, maybe my tasks aren't CEO tasks.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: But yeah, does that make sense? I'm worried.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: List.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think you should keep it high level in that group. That that is specific.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Typically for like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The big rocks.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Big rocks. Yeah. Got it? Big rocks. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like cause, the thing, if you think about it like, I think one of the most powerful things like i've, I've told you all from this program is you all helping each other
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so use that to whatever extent it gives each of you more power and progress.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you may even come up with a different idea for how to leverage it. I don't know. I'm open base. It's a canvas for you, and I'm just kind of hovering around Liliana, and I like, and we'll lean in and and help you where where you see fit. But that's more of like you all have to decide your own kind of vibe and style.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great, all right. So the last thing I want to do with the remaining time is like, did anyone stand out with their work like, did anyone really excited or proud of how they have their work laid out and want to share with the group?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Was anyone impressed with someone else's work and willing to brag about them, since they're not going to call themselves out right now.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: We're really impressed by Annie. We were in a breakout room, but Anie's showing you all of her work, so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, that was the that was, I'm glad we started there.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There we go, Monica! What's up.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I'm not about to share anything but except an insight. But we also talked about how the timing of when you work matters right, cause you wanted to dovetail with when you have the highest energy as an individual. Right? So some of us are morning people. Some of us used to be like evening folks, so you know, to get maximum efficiency. You wanna align there as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So you're you're basically planning for certain types of work to get done throughout the day on on purpose.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah. So like for me in the morning is when I do my deep thinking, cause I'm extremely clear headed. And then, you know. Making sure I don't schedule meetings until later in the day, or like work that's more like diffuse and detail oriented kind of brainless, you know that has to get done.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So that's typically how I do it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right right, and I've heard, and I don't know what the like. The the truth is, but what I will. References, I know, like people say, like the most important work get done 1st thing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right that you have
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I like having like a loose end to my day, so that if I get really into something, or if I get really excited or lost into something, I have the freedom to kind of do that and lean into it, but you do lose more energy as the day goes on too. So.
Morgan Stanton: I was also it's something I thought about, but didn't bring up but Flo and Talitha also brought it up. Our personal tasks right? Get mixed in there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Morgan Stanton: So
Morgan Stanton: sometimes they gotta get done in the middle of the day, right? They can't be done after 5 pm. So also, having those incorporated somehow, maybe not on the the group to do list. But yeah, they had their their list separated out, and and I also have my own little posted notes, but making sure that it's tracked as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, i i i track all my personal tasks to Morgan. I have a whole separate base camp for that, as you can imagine.
Dave Scott: Is there? Is there a way to track in progress like if something is halfway done on base camp, or is it just
Dave Scott: check, check, or not check.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's check or not check. And then the notion of in progress, at least in the base camp way of like school of task management and product management or project management is you need to break down the steps more
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right? Cause? What does it mean to be in progress?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That means there's a there's a thing you're working on that's not quite the thing that you are saying. You're working on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool. Okay?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anyone else want to share anything or we're are. We? Did we accomplish our job? Here is everyone feeling good about work and tasks and project management sounds like we have some experts in the room, and we have people who are probably ready to reset their process a little bit. Some people won't know. This is a problem until later, when you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, actually are making money and hiring people. But at least you got some exposure today.
Fabio Caironi: I maybe would like to just boast a little thing that I I have been doing
Fabio Caironi: cause, you know, I just take out on
Fabio Caironi: just being obsessively organized. And I I sometimes I just spend too much time doing that.
Fabio Caironi: But I wanted to share this trick that I've done with clickup and zoom
Fabio Caironi: basically, every time we have a meeting.
Fabio Caironi: like the
Fabio Caironi: the meeting transcript and summary goes through our workflow management tool and like it
Fabio Caironi: it gets that data, and then it
Fabio Caironi: puts it into a clickup task which
Fabio Caironi: happens to be like a oops an asset. So basically.
Fabio Caironi: it becomes like a part of this large list of like, it's a meeting archive. And then on on top of it, a cool thing is like you can access this meeting archive, and you can have all the info about
Fabio Caironi: the meeting, and you can queer the AI and just ask like
Fabio Caironi: when once the last time I don't know like.
Fabio Caironi: when was the last meeting?
Fabio Caironi: When we talk about tax pricing something like that.
Fabio Caironi: So and you know we should like spit out the answer and like
Fabio Caironi: direct you to the right resource.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, I'm just like a little proud of this, because.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Fabio Caironi: Took me too much, too much time to implement with a hints that I should have liked
Fabio Caironi: put that time into customer exploration. But.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Wow!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's fascinating!
Fabio Caironi: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So as as far as the use case there, Fabio, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you, it's in order to refer back to a conversation you had in a meeting like is that the main job for that.
Fabio Caironi: But yeah, yeah, basically, like.
Fabio Caironi: whatever is like saved in a meeting.
Fabio Caironi: it's not like, it's not gonna be lost
Fabio Caironi: so like, just putting meetings at the same level as like written interactions.
Fabio Caironi: Which is a thing I got. So maybe sometimes, you know, we had a meeting, since we don't have like assistant, or you know, product managers in our.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Fabio Caironi: As we say, Oh, yeah, and then we should do that. And they're like, Oh, yeah, we should create a task to do that, and then, like just end up forgetting about it or we have these troubleshooting meetings with our.
Fabio Caironi: you know, one of our earlier, earliest engineers. So he knows a lot about the system like the the behavior of the
Fabio Caironi: the more core, like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep.
Fabio Caironi: The components.
Fabio Caironi: And so when when he, when he speaks like his words, are really meaningful, and we should all like
Fabio Caironi: carve them on on stone, and just like reflect on those words. And so not just the recording, but having the transcript available and like organized.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Fabio Caironi: Perfect. It just.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, that seems helpful. I it makes me scared, though, because I'm like I don't even want meetings to be that promoted like that. Well documented. I want to force us to actually write them down. So if I got something doing the work for me for where I'm documenting things, that's a risk. But I will say, like, that sounds really really awesome, especially for how you're you're working so great cool. Well, any last questions from the group
Neal Sáles-Griffin: before we wrap up for the day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool? We will see you all back here. What? What's next, Liliana? What do we have less left on that.
Lilliana Robinson: Morning for my okayrs at.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: M.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll have a couple of special guests. Just tuning in from Texas Central. If you see any faces you don't know but thank you guys so much for your participation today. So this is one of our only like day long workshops that we do for all of programming
Lilliana Robinson: or like for the whole program. So thanks for, like, you know, powering through all the way to the afternoon, and I know it was really dense. I hope you can go and reflect about your project management, and that you can take a lot of these tools into program rather than us, giving this to you halfway through. When your hair is on fire, try and set yourself up for success, and take some of these and implement them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: See ya.
Lilliana Robinson: Bye.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Thank you so much. Everyone super helpful. Bye.
Talitha Abraham: 90.